Example #1:
    Claim: The earth is flat.
    Evidence: The earth is round according to science.
    Label Actual: false
    Justification Actual: The earth is not flat, because according to science it is round.

    Actual Verdict:  Contradicts
    Predicted Verdict:  Contradicts

    Actual Justification:  The earth is not flat, because according to science it is round.
    Produced Justification:  Because earth is round is part of science.

    Time Taken to Fact Check: 27.735023 seconds.

Example #2
    Claim: The sun is bright during the night
    Evidence: The sun sets before night, therefore it is absent from the night sky
    Label Actual: false
    Justification Actual: The sun is not bright during the night because it is absent from the night sky

    Actual Verdict:  Contradicts
    Predicted Verdict:  Contradicts

    Actual Justification:  The sun is not bright during the night because it is absent from the night sky
    Produced Justification:  Because night is opposite of the sun, it is called night.

    Time Taken to Fact Check: 26.296915 seconds.

Example #3
    Claim: New York City is in the east coast of the United States
    Evidence: New York City is part of the New York state, a coastal region of the United States facing the Atlantic Ocean
    Label Actual: true
    Justification Actual: As New York City is a port city facing the Atlantic Ocean, it is in the east coast of the United States

    Actual Verdict:  Supports
    Predicted Verdict:  Supports

    Actual Justification:  As New York City is a port city facing the Atlantic Ocean, it is in the east coast of the United States
    Produced Justification:  New York City is not in the United States because New York state is. The east coast of the United States is located in or next to the body of water Atlantic Ocean.        

    Time Taken to Fact Check: 34.429506 seconds.

Example #4
    Claim: A cloth mask protects people from COVID-19
    Evidence: A single layer cotton cloth mask is unlikely to reduce risk of COVID-19 by more than 10%, however multiple layers and wearing the mask correctly could help protect people against COVID-19
    Label Actual: mixture
    Justification Actual: Protection from cloth masks depends on the number of layers and correct usage

    Please standby, processing.......

    Created claim and evidence knowledge graphs......
    Cleaned both knowledge graphs to avoid redundancies......
    Completed evidence retrieval and entailment scoring......

    Actual Verdict:  Not Enough Information
    Predicted Verdict:  Contradicts

    Actual Justification:  Protection from cloth masks depends on the number of layers and correct usage
    Produced Justification:  The main subject of COVID-19 is cloth mask.

    Time Taken to Fact Check: 23.174415 seconds.

